just the last 10 months since chbt
launched we have just seen a huge
increase in the interest in ai ai
applications an explosion of AI globally
and this has all really been since
November 30th of last year we've come a
really long way now how did we get
here so open AI started as a research
lab in 2015 the goal was to build safe
AGI AGI being autonomous systems that
can perform work as well or better than
humans this goal seemed outlandish and
lofty and frankly the founders were
laughed at at the time they started the
lab in
2015 but they
persevered in June 2020 we released gpt3
that was our first state-of-the-art
large language model I wouldn't say it
caused a tidal wave in the world but it
did cause a spark of interest on a small
group of researchers and some startups
who started building on it we had four
flavors of it the simplest being ATT
that could do simple classification all
the way up to our most robust Model D
Vinci which you could actually generate
some creative content so we started
seeing some copyrighting companies
companies like Jasper starting to build
real platforms on top of our
models from there the pace picked up
pretty rapidly so in 2021 we trained
gpt3 on GitHub repositories and produced
a model that could code called codec
you guys might have tried out or heard
of co-pilot that was the original
version that could perform code and
essentially be a pair programmer after
that we released embeddings which
essentially vectorizes language and
allows you to search across it to
perform
recommendations after that we released
our instruction following models which
were really our first Enterprise ready
models they followed instructions so if
you said chat gbt or GPT at the time if
you don't know the answer say I don't
know the model model could say I don't
know uh we also then introduced uh our
big image model Dolly 2 this really took
the World by storm last summer it was
really exciting it feels old hat now it
feels like these image models are
everywhere but this was a really
extraordinary Leap Forward in Innovation
when we released it put in a word get
out an image from there The Innovation
uh pace of innovation really picked up
rapidly so obviously chat GPT after that
whisper our automatic speech recognition
model uh GPT for our state-of-the-art
seminal model we released in March we
actually finished training gp4 in August
last year but we waited a little while
before releasing it uh when we first
tried it out we were all quite
flabbergasted by how powerful it was and
we decided to to sit on it almost 6
months to make sure that it was safe and
ready for prime time so we released that
in the spring of this year then we
released some additional features with
chaa BT like browsing with Bing code
interpreter third party plugins uh we
recently introduced some some new
features like custom data handling
function calling which outputs and Json
so you can call apis and our Android and
iOS apps so as you can see we've really
been on a blistering Pace lately
releasing a lot of new innovation and
features now how the heck did I end up
here I get this question a
lot so uh it was you know end of 2022
sorry end of 2021 I had been at WME uh
for about three and a half years we'
gone public I got to ring the bell in
the NASDAQ it was a really great ride
and I was starting to look for something
new to do and someone I used to work
with was had joined Jasper as the
president and he reached out and said
hey come run our sales team at Jasper
and I started playing around with Jasper
and I said this is really freaking cool
what is this and I had worked in AI
about 12 years prior so had some
appreciation for what I was looking at
started digging through the
documentation and saw gpt3 and I said
what is gpt3 Doug s more and found open
Ai and and looked it up on LinkedIn and
turned out I knew a couple people there
so I ping I pinged one of them and said
hey what do you think of Jasper and he
said hey are you on the
market so uh I said sure why not I'm I'm
happy to talk to you guys and he
introduced me to
Sam uh so I met with Sam and it's hard
not to be inspired by Sam Alman uh and I
was really Blown Away by The Audacity Of
His ambition and he said to me candidly
you know I have no idea what sales is
going to look like here we don't really
know what this thing is going to feel
like how we're going to go to market
with
but if you want to take a shot on it I
think you're a great fit let's give it a
try so I joined a sales org that I went
from managing a giant sales org to a
sales org of two people with really no
infrastructure in face I was told we had
Salesforce but it was not quite
implemented um so it was a really
interesting environment I stepped into
and in fact on my first week I walked in
the door and the first meeting I came
into they said we have oversold our
license model and we need you to help us
undo it uh when I dug further into this
I understood we were actually selling
services so we were saying hey buy a
license uh with open Ai and we will meet
with you for one hour week can help you
solve your AI problems and ideate and
come up with ways to implement our
models and unsurprisingly this was not a
very scalable model so we quickly ran
out of man hours and services to sell
and I walked into a a room where I had
literally nothing to sell and had undo
the sales that we had done so that was
not a great
start uh and and the reality really was
just our product Market fit wasn't quite
there yet and that's why we were selling
services we were stuck in experimental
groups Innovation Labs people hadn't
quite figured out what to do with gpt3
other than create you know basic
copywriting generative uh copy apps we
couldn't get past that we couldn't
figure out chat Bots we couldn't figure
out support we couldn't really get to
the next
level so I started playing around with
uh our our token model and and and funny
story here so at open aai we have these
long picnic benches in our in our dining
hall in our cafeteria and the etiquette
is you you get your lunch and then you
just take the next seat at the table you
don't try to look for your friends it's
this nice environment that really um
forces everyone to get to know one
another you'll sit down and ask the
person next to you what do they do and
they say I work in math gen and you say
what's math Jen they're say I teach the
model how to do math and you're like
great cool how do you do that um so it's
a a really interesting way to uh to have
your lunch every day um but when I would
sit down they'd say what do you do here
I say work in sales and they say huh we
have a sales team what exactly are you
selling uh and I got this question from
everybody internally and externally
still get it externally quite often um
which you know I I get it it's confusing
but at heart we've got this concept of a
token a token is almost a word it's
turns out there's about 1.3 tokens per
word in the English language and you
consume tokens when you put in a prompt
and then you get an output or a
completion so using this token model I
came up with the idea of committed
consumption now this isn't a brand new
innovation all the hyperscalers use it
lots of API companies use it but what it
did is it allowed us to talk to our
customers about their forecast how are
you implementing our models how many
tokens will you consume what is your
forecasted spend and then we could
qualify which we had been doing none of
we could actually figure out who's a
good for us to work with and this model
worked pretty well we were actually able
to start scaling our customer base and
thank goodness we did because we had
that in place just on time for Chachi BT
which interestingly even though Chachi
BT was a consumer product it really
fired off a a huge demand among
Enterprises and businesses so at this
point we had two products we had Chachi
BT the consumer app which hopefully you
guys have all used and then we had our
API which is how software companies
primarily and Enterprises could build
tools on top of our models via
API so something cool started happening
companies started building real products
on our API we got out of the beta Labs
we got out of the Innovation labs and we
got in a production into users hands it
started with chatbots fun interesting
functional we had Discord launched Clyde
HubSpot launched a chat spot which is a
really cool way to interact
conversationally with data uh Snapchat
Snapchat launched um my AI which I don't
quite get but the Gen zers are really
interested in and uh is a way to have an
i AI friend uh who gives you feedback on
your
snaps they built better recommendation
engines so Spotify launched an AI DJ and
instacart I love this implementation
instead of coming to instacart and
saying I want butter sugar flour you say
he hey I've got a three-year-old and a
5-year-old and here's what's in my
fridge and can you meal plan for me for
the week so conversational grocery
shopping uh they also built tools to
catalyze their users so Ironclad built
an AI redlining option so you could save
your uh legal time on reviewing
contracts by uh marking what's
acceptable and what's unacceptable
notion launch notion AI where you could
translate edit uh improve your notes
which astrazenica used to save time and
cost on drug discovery
eventually so many companies were
launching products with us that it
became impossible to keep up there were
so many use cases so many apps so many
launches we created a slack Channel just
launches so we could track they they
seem to be happening day after day after
day and it was it was just amazing to
watch the explosion and creativity of
our
customers last week we launched Chachi
PT Enterprise uh woohoo I'm very excited
about this been lobbying for this for a
very long time we now have a way to
bring the magic of chat GB to the
Enterprise safely securely with fast
unlimited GPT
4 this is our tool for internal
productivity so every person in your
company your product designer sales team
data scientists infos HR everyone gets a
chief of
staff so what am I telling you so far
this is not exactly what I signed up for
a year and a half ago a year and a half
ago it was hey we got two people this
will be pretty chill uh a year and a
half later it's the opposite of chill um
and we've got now two different products
two whole different sales teams we're
hiring like crazy uh and we're we're on
a rocket ship and and really for me over
the last year and a half the main
takeaway the moralist story has been
adapt adapt experiment deal with the
change and and handle what's thrown at
you um so here we are
today and what does this mean for you
what does this mean for salespeople for
for startup Founders for anyone dealing
with
customers so we had this product that we
called code interpreter I really hated
the name because I felt like it was
really unapproachable I'm like what
sales rep is going to use something
called code interpreter so lobbied
really hard we we have officially
rebranded this to Advanced Data analysis
which I think is a better name for it
essentially what this tool does is it
lets you upload files analyze data
produce charts now every salesperson in
your organization become can become a
data scientist or at least not have to
go bother sales Ops and and do things
themselves so I use this to cut
territories to analyze my leads you
could potentially use this to analyze
your sales funnel figure out weak spots
where customers dropping off you could
use it to perform competitive
analysis you could also supercharge your
sales coaching so you could upload data
sets around win rates and understand how
to coach your reps who's performing well
where where are you see long sales
Cycles or low deal
sizes you can uplevel your one-on ones
so you could actually upload transcripts
of your one-on ones to get feedback
Chachi BT could be your coach your
Mentor your manager it could help you
make yourself better at your job by
analyzing your performance and your
advice to your sales reps so in this
example we are uploading transcripts of
a one-on-one with Emily and Chach gbt is
saying hey here's some feedback for you
you might want to ask for some feedback
yourself you might want to prioritize
items with Emily for followup you might
want to make sure you follow up on that
item she brought up last
week uh so it actually can make you a
better manager and you have a
coach this is my favorite new feature
you can share templates across your team
so if there is a email template that you
love that you find yourself using as a
prompt over and over again you can save
that prompt for yourself so every time
time you open up chat gbt you can just
click on that template and generate that
email and then you can also save it so
the rest of your organization can use it
so as an example you could create a
prompt where you could just throw in
your chicken scratch sales call notes
after your call it will automatically
put them in your Salesforce field output
that you need for your
CRM and then it could also just generate
a follow-up email for you and you could
share that template with your whole
company so you can you know look across
the team and say hey who writes the best
email follow-ups here let's take that
make that a template so everyone in the
team has the best email follow-ups
everyone here is a top
performer so is one of my favorite new
features you could also scale sales
enablement this is a near and dear to my
heart right now as we are hiring so
rapidly I need to figure out a way to
get people uh comfortable with all of
our new products learn all the language
of AI so you could do things like create
interactive quizzes on your content so
you could open up a template and then
the user would be prompted to go through
a what I think we called here an
immersive training Adventure so we're
going to teach you about some items and
then we're going to quiz you on them so
you could get really creative here and
use templates anytime you release a new
feature anytime you have new information
for your sales reps that you want them
to understand you could make that a
template that they interact with which
is a much more fun way than just sending
out a slack or sending out an email when
you want someone to update and learn
something finally you can get everyone
the help they need to close deals now
maybe this is not the most glamorous
part of the uh the onboarding journey
how do I connect to VPN is tomorrow a
holiday what is our expense policy but
information that's still really handy to
know so you could have this stored as
well so anybody can query chat gbt and
find out the information they need to
know to get their job
done so that's where we are today some
pretty big leaps already from a year ago
now what does the future hold
imagine a
world where you could focus on doing
what you're best at which is interacting
with customers maybe explaining the
value of your product and everything
else all the admin work the mundane
tasks you could Outsource to an
assistant let's say you wake up you're
getting ready for work and your
assistant is telling you about your
meeting at 9:00 a.m. who you're going to
meet with what you need to remember some
pointers what not to bring up some
things that happen last time that you
should remember last time you met with
them then during the meeting your
assistant is giving you nudges and help
and guidance when you don't know the
answer they're pointing you in the right
direction after the meeting your
assistant sends all the follow-up emails
records everything in your CRM maybe
fills out an RFP or a security
questionnaire maybe goes through the
legal process for you in other words
imagine a world where you do what you
love doing and everything else your
assistant can do for
you this is the world where AGI is your
assistant thank
[Applause]
you